#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
astroid==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
asttokens==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bidict==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
build==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flasgger==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-jwt-extended
    #   flask-socketio
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-jwt-extended==4.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-socketio==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.3.post0
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wsproto
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   flask
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
ipykernel==6.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isort==5.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mistune==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
    #   nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pylint
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-jwt-extended
pylint==2.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-client
python-decouple==3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-engineio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-socketio
python-socketio==5.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-socketio
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flasgger
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
simple-websocket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-engineio
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   flasgger
    #   flask-cors
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   pylint
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-jwt-extended
wheel==0.41.3
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   simple-websocket
zipp==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
